{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red11\green10\blue10;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green24\blue24;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red251\green0\blue21;\red1\green18\blue51;\red0\green0\blue0;\red30\green118\blue255;
\red66\green66\blue66;\red96\green96\blue96;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c4706\c3922\c3529;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cspthree\c13446\c12253\c12500;
\csgray\c0;\cspthree\c91808\c22087\c17520;\cspthree\c2230\c9586\c24856;\cspthree\c0\c0\c0;\cspthree\c27441\c54884\c96876;
\cspthree\c32940\c32940\c32940;\cspthree\c45100\c45100\c45100;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Gravity Med Tech has two products: Supernova and Neutron. Here is the information about them: \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Supernova \
Revascularization Device \
\
Instructions for Use \
\
Gravity Medical Technology, Inc.\
\
DEVICE DESCRIPTION \
The Gravity Supernova Revascularization Device is a stent-based thrombus \
retrieval device with a collapsible, fully retrievable, self-expanding laser-cut \
stent mounted on a wire shaft for delivery. The Gravity Supernova \
Revascularization Device is offered in two different sizes: 4 mm \'d7 43 mm and \
6 mm \'d7 47 mm. The device is intended for general intravascular use in the \
neuro-vasculature such as the Internal Carotid Artery (ICA), M1 and M2 \
segments of the middle cerebral artery, basilar, and vertebral arteries. \
\
INTENDED USE \
The Supernova Revascularization Device is intended to restore blood flow and \
remove thrombus in the cerebral vasculature. \
\
INDICATIONS FOR USE \
The device is indicated for temporary use to restore blood flow in the cerebral \
vasculature of patients suffering from an acute ischemic stroke. \
\
SUMMARY OF CHARACTERISTICS \
\
Figure 1: Supernova Revascularization Device \
\
Table 1: Product Specifications for Gravity Supernova \
Catalog Number | Stent Max \'d8 (mm) | Target Vessel \'d8 Min-Max (mm) | Stent Working Length (mm) | Cell Coverage Length (mm) | Proximal-to-Distal Marker Length (mm) | Distal Tip-to-Fluorosafe Marker (mm) | Delivery Catheter ID (in) | Device Total Length (cm) | Radiopaque Markers\
GRVY-004-043-TH | 4 | 1.5 \'96 4 | 39 | 43 | 50 | 145 | 0.021 | 205 | 12\
GRVY-006-047-TH | 6 | 2 \'96 5.5 | 43 | 47 | 55 | 145 | 0.021 | 205 | 15\
Device selection is based on the sizing recommendation listed \'85\
\
HOW SUPPLIED  \
Sterile (Ethylene Oxide), non-pyrogenic. Contents: One device. Store in a dry, cool place. \
\
CONTRAINDICATIONS  \
\'96 Patients with hypersensitivity to nickel-titanium  \
\'96 Stenosis or pre-existing stent proximal to thrombus that prevents safe recovery  \
\'96 Angiographic evidence of carotid dissection  \
\
WARNINGS  \
\'95 Administer appropriate anti-platelet and anti-coagulation therapy  \
\'95 Prescription-only device  \
\'95 Do not torque the device  \
\'95 Do not perform more than three recovery attempts in the same vessel  \
\'95 Single-use only \'97 do NOT resterilize or reuse  \
\'95 Use under fluoroscopic visualization with proper anticoagulation  \
\'95 Maintain continuous heparinized flush to prevent thrombus formation \'85\
\
PRECAUTIONS  \
\'85 (full list exactly as in IFU) \'85\
\
COMPLICATIONS  \
Possible complications include, but are not limited to: Acute occlusion, air embolism, death, dissection/perforation, distal embolization, false aneurysm, hematoma/hemorrhage, infection, intracranial hemorrhage, ischemia, pain/headache, stroke, thrombosis, vessel spasm.\
\
PROCEDURE  \
(Complete step-by-step device preparation, delivery, positioning, retrieval, and re-use criteria exactly as written in the IFU, including all numbered steps 1-19 and sub-bullets.)\
\
COMPATIBILITY  \
Refer to product label for dimensions and other device IFUs for compatibility.\
\
DEVICE DISPOSAL  \
Dispose per hospital SOP.\
\
Manufacturer: Gravity Medical Technology (Thailand) Co., Ltd., Bangkok, Thailand\
\
\
Supernova \
Revascularization Device \
\
Designed for Precision and Performance\
\
Supernova Revascularization Device Specifications\
Model        Working Length  Stent \'d8  Vessel \'d8 Range  Radiopaque Markers  Delivery Catheter ID\
GRVY-004-043  136 cm          4 mm     1.5 \'96 4.0 mm    12                  0.021"\
GRVY-006-047  125 cm          6 mm     2.0 \'96 5.5 mm    15                  0.021"\
\
Spiral Fusiform Technology  \
Ensures superior engagement and retrieval of both red and hard fibrin-rich (white) clots.\
\
Optimized Radial Force  \
Provides effective deployment and retrieval, maintaining consistent performance.\
\
Radiopaque Markers  \
Ensure visual confirmation under fluoroscopy for accurate positioning.\
\
Advanced Clot-Capture Technology  \
Dynamic Strut Activity engineered for optimal flexibility and control during deployment and retrieval.\
\
CAUTION: Devices are restricted to sale, distribution, and use by or on the order of a physician.  \
Detailed indications, contraindications, warnings, and instructions for use are provided in the accompanying IFU.\
\
INDICATIONS FOR USE: Temporary restoration of blood flow in the cerebral vasculature of patients suffering from an acute ischemic stroke.\
\
HOW SUPPLIED: Provided sterile (Ethylene Oxide, non-pyrogenic) as a single unit. Store in a dry, cool place.\
\
DISCLAIMER: Content is informational only and not medical advice. Consult a qualified healthcare professional. Gravity Medical Technology, Inc. assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions.\
\
105 N. Pointe Drive, Suite E, Lake Forest, CA 92630, USA  \
Tel +1 (949) 328-6609 \'95 Email admin@gravitymedtech.com \'95 www.GravityMedtech.com\
\
Optimize Your Stroke Intervention  \
Join the leading experts in stroke care and enhance your clinical practice with the Supernova Revascularization Device. Experience unmatched performance and reliability in the most challenging scenarios.\
\
Performance Highlights  \
mTICI \uc0\u8805  2B Recanalization Success Rate \'97 95%  \
First-Pass Success Rate to achieve effective reperfusion \'97 63%\
\
\'a9 2024 Gravity Medical Technology, Inc. All Rights Reserved.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Neutron Reperfusion Catheter\
Instructions for Use\
Gravity Medical Technology, Inc.Neutron Reperfusion\
Catheter\
DEVICE DESCRIPTION\
The Neutron Reperfusion Catheter is a non-tapered, single lumen, variable\
stiffness catheter equipped with coil reinforcement. The catheter is inserted into\
the target vasculature under angiographic visualization and is designed to be used\
for general intravascular use, introduction of diagnostic or therapeutic devices,\
and aspiration of embolus and thrombus. The distal segment is designed to\
facilitate vessel selection with the hydrophilic coating for navigation through the\
vasculature. A radiopaque marker provides the user with visual confirmation of\
the distal tip under fluoroscopy. The proximal end of the catheter utilizes a luer\
fitting to allow attachment of accessories and infusion of liquids through the\
system. The Neutron Catheter is packaged with an introducer sheath to assist\
introducing the catheter into the Y-connector.\
\cf5 Model Number \cf6 070\
__\
\cf5 NTRON-072-136-TH \cf6 __\
070\
__\
\cf5 NTRON-072-125-TH \cf6 __\
070\
__\
\cf5 NTRON-072-115-TH \cf6 __\
\cf4 Working\
Length ID OD Hydrophilic\
Coating\
136cm\
125cm\
.070\'94 .085\'94 60cm\
115cm\
INDICATIONS FOR USE\
The Neutron Reperfusion Catheter is indicated for injection of intravascular\
fluids, the introduction of interventional devices into the peripheral and neuro\
vasculature, and removal/aspiration of soft emboli and thrombi from the\
arterial system, including the peripheral and neuro vasculature.\
INTENDED PURPOSE\
The Neutron Reperfusion Catheter will be intended for general intravascular\
use, including the neuro and peripheral vasculature. It can be used to facilitate\
the introduction of diagnostic and therapeutic agents.\
Additionally, the Neutron Reperfusion Catheter will be intended for use in the\
revascularization of patients, intended to remove/aspirate emboli and\
thrombus from the peripheral and neuro vasculature.\
Black (K) \uc0\u8710 E \u8804 5.0\
INTENDED USER\
The Neutron Reperfusion Catheter should only be used by physicians trained in\
interventional procedures. Medical specialist including, but not limited to,\
Interventional Neuroradiologist (INR), Interventional Neurosurgeons, Interventional\
Neurologist, and others trained to perform treatment in the neuro and peripheral\
vasculature via endovascular techniques.\
CONTRAINDICATIONS\
There are no known contraindications.\
COMPATIBILITY\
Refer to the product label for device dimensions. Refer to labeling provided with\
other medical technologies to determine compatibility.\
WARNINGS\
Contents supplied sterile using an ethylene oxide (EO) process. Do not use if the\
sterile barrier is damaged. Do not reuse, reprocess, or resterilize. Reuse,\
reprocessing or resterilization may compromise the structural integrity of the device\
and/or lead to device failure, which in turn may result in patient injury, illness or\
death. Reuse, reprocessing or resterilization may also create a risk of contamination\
of the device and/or cause patient infection or cross-infection, including, but not\
limited to the transition of infectious diseases from one patient to another.\
Contamination of the device may lead to injury, illness of death of the patient.\
Not intended for use with power injectors.\
Do not advance, retract or use any component of the Neutron Catheter against\
resistance without careful assessment of the cause using fluoroscopy. Forced\
advancement or torquing the Neutron Catheter may result in damage of the\
catheter and cause vessel damage.\
If flow through the catheter becomes restricted, do no attempt to clear the catheter\
lumen by infusion. Doing so may cause catheter damage or patient injury. Remove\
and replace the catheter.\
The device must be disposed according to the national regulations and laws for\
clinically contaminated materials after use.\
PRECAUTIONS\
The Neutron Catheter should only be used by physicians who have received\
appropriate training in interventional neuro-endovascular techniques and treatment\
of acute ischemic stroke.\
Carefully inspect all devices prior to use. Verify size, length and condition are\
suitable for the specific procedure. Ensure the catheter\'92s labeled outer diameter is\
smaller than the treatment vessel diameter. Do not use a device that has been\
damaged in any way. Damaged device may cause complications.\
Limit the exposure to X-ray radiation doses to patients and physicians by using\
sufficient shielding, reducing fluoroscopy times, and modifying X-ray technical\
factors when possible.Gravity Medical Technology, Inc\
To control the proper introduction, movement, positioning and removal of the\
catheter within the vascular system, users should employ standard clinical\
angiographic and fluoroscopic practices and techniques throughout the\
interventional procedure.\
Use the product prior to the \'93Use By\'94 date located on the packaging label.\
To prevent thrombus formation and contrast media crystal formation, maintain\
a constant infusion of appropriate flush solution through catheter lumen.\
Torquing the catheter may cause damage which could result in kink or\
separation of the catheter shaft.\
POTENTIAL ADVERSE EVENTS\
Possible complications include, but are not limited to:\
\uc0\u9642  Access site complications\
\uc0\u9642  Allergic or Anaphylactic reaction\
\uc0\u9642  Aneurysm perforation or rupture\
\uc0\u9642  Death\
\uc0\u9642  Embolism (air, foreign body, plaque, thrombus)\
\uc0\u9642  Hematoma\
\uc0\u9642  Hemorrhage\
\uc0\u9642  Infection\
\uc0\u9642  Ischemia\
\uc0\u9642  Neurological deficits\
\uc0\u9642  Pseudoaneurysm\
\uc0\u9642  Stroke\
\uc0\u9642  Transient Ischemic Attack\
\uc0\u9642  Vasospasm\
\uc0\u9642  Vessel dissection\
\uc0\u9642  Vessel occlusion\
\uc0\u9642  Vessel perforation\
\uc0\u9642  Vessel rupture\
\uc0\u9642  Vessel thrombosis\
PREPARATION FOR USE\
1. Using standard sterile technique, gently remove the Neutron\
Reperfusion Catheter and packaging card from the pouch by\
grasping the packaging card and slowly pulling the card out of the\
pouch.\
2. 3. Remove the Neutron Reperfusion Catheter from the packaging card.\
Carefully inspect the Neutron Reperfusion Catheter for any damage\
or kinks. If any damage is observed, replace it with a new device.\
4. Connect a rotating hemostasis valve (RHV) to the hub of the\
catheter and flush the inner lumen with heparinized saline.\
5. Hydrate the coating of the Neutron Reperfusion Catheter by\
submerging the catheter into a saline solution for a minimum of 30\
seconds to activate the coating prior to use.\
6. 7. Prep guidewire and microcatheter per appropriate IFU.\
Insert the guidewire into the microcatheter and insert the\
guidewire/microcatheter system into the ID of the Neutron\
8. Reperfusion Catheter.\
Introduce the catheter system into the guide catheter or femoral sheath.\
A peel-away introducer sheath is provided in the package to provide\
support and facilitate the introduction of the Neutron Reperfusion\
Catheter distal tip into the guide catheter or femoral sheath. If the peel-\
away introducer sheath is used, remove it after the Neutron Reperfusion\
Catheter distal tip has been introduced into the guide catheter or\
femoral sheath.\
Under fluoroscopic guidance and conventional catheterization\
techniques, advance the catheter system until the desired position is\
attained.\
Remove the guidewire and microcatheter prior to the introduction of\
compatible devices or aspiration of thrombus.\
9. 10. ASPIRATION OF THROMBUS\
1. The Neutron Reperfusion Catheter should be placed proximally to the\
thrombus in the desired vessel.\
2. To retrieve thrombus, apply aspiration to the catheter using a 60cc\
locking syringe.\
3. Continue aspirating through the catheter until the thrombus is\
withdrawn or physician determines further aspiration is ineffective.\
4. As in all surgical interventions, monitoring of intra-procedural blood loss\
is recommended so that appropriate management may be instituted.\
\cf5 SYMBOL LEGEND\
Catalogue number Caution Medical Device\
Lot Number Do Not Re-Use\
Single Sterile Barrier\
System with Protective\
Packaging Outside\
Non-pyrogenic Keep Dry\
Single Sterile Barrier\
System with Protective\
Packaging Inside\
Manufacturer Keep Away from\
Sunlight\
Do Not Re-Sterilize\
Use-by date\
Consult\
Instructions for\
Use\
Sterilized Using Ethylene\
Oxide\
Do Not Use if Package\
is Damaged\
Manufacturer: Gravity Medical Technology\
(Thailand) Co., Ltd Bangkok Thailand\
\cf6 IFU-0004, Rev A\
Revised 06/2024\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf7 Advanced Design for Superior Outcomes\
\cf8 Enhanced Kink Resistance\
with ArmorFlex Technology\
Engineered to maintain lumen integrity and\
consistent aspiration power throughout the\
procedure, even in tortuous anatomy\
Excellent Trackability\
Smooth navigation to the target location,\
ensuring precise placement and effective\
clot retrieval.\
\cf9 63%\
\cf8 First Pass Success Rate\
To Achieve Effective Reperfusion\
Enhanced Flouroscopic Visualization\
Optimized radio-opaque markers ensure\
visual confirmation under fluoroscopy for\
accurate positioning.\
Robust Hydrophilic Coating\
Facilitates smooth vessel navigation,\
reducing resistance and improving\
maneuverability.\
High Resolution Transition Zones\
Optimized flexibility and mechanical properties\
to provide better control during procedures.\
\cf7 Neutron Reperfusion Catheter Specifications\
\cf10 Model Working\
Length Inner Diameter Outer Diameter Hydrophilic Coating Length\
NTRON-072-136 136cm\
NTRON-072-125 125cm\
070\'94 085\'94 60cm\
NTRON-072-115 115cm\
\cf8 Optimize Your Stroke Intervention\
Join the leading experts in stroke care and enhance your clinical practice with\
the Neutron Reperfusion Catheter. Experience the unmatched performance\
and reliability that Neutron offers in the most challenging clinical scenarios.\
105 N. Pointe Drive, Suite E,\
Lake Forest, CA 92630\
United States of America\
Tel +1 (949) 328-6609\
Email admin@gravitymedtech.com\
\cf7 www.GravityMedtech.com\
\cf11 CAUTON: These devices are restricted to sale, distribution, and use by or on the order of a physician. Detailed\
indications, contraindications, warnings, and instructions for use are provided in the accompanying Instructions\
for Use (IFU). The Neutron Reperfusion Catheter is a non-tapered, single-lumen catheter with coil reinforcement,\
designed for intravascular use, device introduction, and aspiration of emboli and thrombi. It features a\
hydrophilic coating for vessel navigation and a radiopaque marker for visual confirmation under fluoroscopy.\
The catheter includes a luer fitting for accessory attachment and liquid infusion, and it comes with an introducer\
sheath for easy insertion into the Y-connector. INDICATIONS FOR USE: The Neutron Reperfusion Catheter is\
indicated for injecting intravascular fluids, introducing interventional devices, and removing or aspirating soft\
emboli and thrombi from the peripheral and neuro arterial system. DISCLAIMER: The content provided is for\
informational purposes only and should not be construed as medical advice. Users should consult with a\
qualified healthcare professional before making any medical decisions based on this information. Gravity\
Medical Technology, Inc. assumes no responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content.\
\'a9 2024 Gravity Medical Technology, Inc. All Rights Reserved.\
\
\cf12 Here are some examples of how to answer questions: \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec12 What is the radial force of the Supernova stent retriever and how does it compare to Solitaire or Trevo?
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 The Supernova stent retriever\'92s radial force is similar to Solitaire and Trevo but is uniquely designed to vary along its length. It provides greater force in the middle section\'97where clots are engaged\'97and lower force at the ends for safer handling.\

\f1\b Does the Supernova stent retriever have an open-cell or closed-cell design?
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 The Supernova features a closed-cell design with cells of various shapes and sizes specifically arranged to effectively capture and remove different types of clots.\

\f1\b How does the Supernova stent retriever behave during retrieval? Will it accordion or stretch?
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 The Supernova stent retriever does not accordion or stretch during retrieval. Preclinical studies confirm its stability and consistent performance in clot removal.\

\f1\b Is the Supernova stent retriever designed for single-pass success, and is there data supporting its effectiveness?
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 Yes, it is designed for high single-pass success. In clinical studies, the Supernova achieved a first-pass success rate of 68.8%, significantly higher than the 40-45% rates typically seen with similar devices.\

\f1\b Does the Supernova stent retriever cause vessel injury or dissection in tortuous anatomy?
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 Extensive testing has shown that the Supernova stent retriever maintains excellent safety, with no increased risk of vessel injury or dissection in complex, tortuous anatomy.\

\f1\b Are there different length options available for treating large vessel occlusions like the basilar artery or ICA?
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 Yes, the Supernova stent retriever is available in two size options: 6 mm diameter by 47 mm length, and 4 mm diameter by 43 mm length, allowing tailored selection based on patient anatomy.\

\f1\b What is the inner diameter of the Neutron aspiration catheter, and how does it compare to competitors like Zoom, Sofia, Jet, or React?
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 The Neutron aspiration catheter has an inner diameter of 0.070 inches, comparable or superior to competitors, facilitating effective clot removal. It is available in lengths of 115 cm, 125 cm, and 136 cm.\

\f1\b Can the Neutron aspiration catheter be delivered over a microwire alone, or is a support catheter required?
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 Typically, the Neutron aspiration catheter is delivered using a microcatheter and microwire (triaxial system), though it can also be delivered using just a microwire in select cases.\

\f1\b Does the Neutron aspiration catheter kink or collapse under negative pressure?
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 The Neutron catheter is designed with reinforced stainless steel and advanced multi-layer construction, preventing kinking or collapsing under negative pressure.\

\f1\b How flexible is the Neutron aspiration catheter\'92s distal segment for intracranial navigation?
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 Highly flexible, the Neutron aspiration catheter features 14 transition zones, particularly in the distal 20 cm, making it highly effective for navigating complex intracranial anatomy.\

\f1\b What aspiration pumps are compatible with the Neutron aspiration catheter, and can it be used manually?
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 The Neutron catheter is compatible with both manual aspiration and any FDA-approved pump-based aspiration systems.\

\f1\b How is the distal tip of the Neutron aspiration catheter designed?
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 The Neutron aspiration catheter has a soft, atraumatic distal tip, specifically engineered for gentle navigation through delicate intracranial vessels and efficient clot removal.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf11 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
}